what's happening guys this is James
blonde with the memo has calm with a
quick weekly recap for MMO news and
announcements of the week ending october
twenty eight twenty thirteen and with
our first bit of news this week killer
Kombo drops in with a halloween special
for elsword like no other this year
elsword introduces a brand new halloween
themed dungeon the halloween banquet
room where players will face monsters
unique to the dungeon with halloween
rewards in the form of crazy looking
costumes other than the new dungeon
there are plenty of special events and
activities happening all month long and
elsword that will get players in the
halloween spirit such as the holla weird
happenings and the shadow Incubus and
grace fairy costumes they just added in
next up it's been a while but hi-rez
Studios finally followed up with a
rework of Sun Wukong and smite and let
me just say that it's a huge improvement
in every category visually looks very
intimidating probably one of the
best-looking gods so far if not the best
but his new skills offer up some really
fun looking gameplay tactics as well
with 72 transformations one of his
newest skills he can transform into an
eagle tiger or ox as a selection made
from the ground targeter then charges
forward towards enemy the eagle is the
fastest to deal damage and the tiger
mauls the first enemy he hits stunning
them and causing them plenty of damage
whereas the ox just plain plows through
groups of enemies knocking them out to
the side his ulti as cool as well he
leaps onto a cloud leaving a decoy on
the ground fighting his enemy while he's
still up on his cloud regenerating
health he has a choice of leaping down
onto the enemy dealing damage that way
so yeah he's definitely come a long way
from looking a lot like you know who
bats does now but that's not the only
new content smite rolled out last week
they've also introduced leagues and
their seasons which are actually monthly
instead of yearly like League of Legends
but it's similarly broken up into bronze
silver gold platinum and diamond tears
with everyone starting out in bronze
league and they've also changed the
mastery just a bit to give players
incentive to participate in the league's
by offering a slightly larger worship or
payout for playing it's a pretty decent
sized update and on a similar note
League of Legends is making some major
changes to
vision and support champions for season
4 to new posts went public last week on
the official league of legends forms
discussing major changes to take the
burden of warding off the supports and
placing it on the entire team by
offering a new item that allows players
to either ward or fight enemy awards
while limiting the total number of words
that get in place in the map at any
given time it's pretty drastic stuff so
you'll definitely want to check the link
in the description below to get all the
details atlantica online introduced the
goddess of storms last week was the
latest mercenary they call her storm
caller and her mastery of the width the
newest weapon the game and lightning
magic make her a really unstoppable
force she kind of reminds me of the
whipper from scarlet blade to be honest
but to go along with the new mercenary
his time rift he was dungeon in the game
which of course is time sensitive and
complete with zones for both level 100
and level 150 characters next up we've
got a debut video introducing Albion
online a new free-to-play cross-platform
sandbox MMORPG where players have
complete control over crafting and
housing along with territory control the
nice balanced rock paper scissors combat
system not to mention a player driven
economy the gravity of the game look a
bit cartoony but at the same time
they're clean plus it's nice that you
can be playing on your PC than later
pick up where you left off on your iPad
in the game it's up to players to work
together with other players determining
their role in individual groups in order
to conquer New Territories oddly enough
it's both simple and complex at the same
time it's simple enough to plan a tablet
but complex enough to be considered a
worthy sandbox game with territory
battles check out the introduction
trailer to get a better idea on the game
it's actually it seems pretty cool lots
of news having to do with rift this past
week in early this week last week it was
announced abruptly that trion worlds is
no longer supporting the Russian version
of rift and
kind of out of the blue there okay so
there is some reason behind it based
around the local publisher but plenty of
Russian players have migrated over the
European server several months ago
because the Russian version had not
switched over to the new free-to-play
version on their server so that's simply
what other Russian players will do now
that they don't have a localized version
this week however tryon announced that
rift is coming to steam along with three
exclusive packs for purchasing giving
players exclusive mounts and items also
on top of all that they too are
celebrating Halloween with some pretty
cool gear and mounts worth checking out
and of course microvolts gets seasonal
with Halloween themed weapons costumes
and parts and the new apex predator
update to signature edition toys were
added as well shark knife and orcas
sword so pretty cool names actually both
of which have complete super hero and
super villain backgrounds other than
that the costumes this year overall look
pretty sweet fiesta online just launched
their Halloween celebration trailer
showing off the eerie transformation of
the in-game towns this year players can
dress up as their favorite monsters
collect all the sinister sweets they can
find and freak out their friends then
you can check out the new Halloween
challenge dungeon filled with fiery
pumpkins and in-game rewards there's
also a huge in-game event going on that
summons players to hunt down the
Headless an outlaw consumed by demonic
forces there seems to be plenty of
Halloween events going on right now so
head over mMOHut scom to find out what's
going on nearly all free to play the
most and finally for our last bit of
news which also has to do with a
Halloween celebration the mighty quest
for epic loot is celebrating Halloween
by having an open house also known as
open beta starting today October 28
through November fourth which means that
anyone can sign up to play no need for a
team not to mention some of the howling
costumes will be exclusive to players
who join in during the
open house plus a lot of the times
during these open house events they
grant select players from an access to
the beta which is always nice but anyway
guys that's about it free MMO news and
announcements for this week like always
if you're looking for more information
about the news features in the recap
check the links in the description below
then head over to mMOHut SATCOM / news
feel free to discuss the news in the
comments below or head over to mMOHut
SATCOM / forms but until next time guys
that's going to be it for me I'm James
blonde see out there gamers